README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm Mohamed Karim Balla!

### 💻 Full Stack Developer | 🚀 Problem Solver | ✨ Creative Builder

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2E9EF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Building+Amazing+Web+Applications;Full+Stack+Development;Always+Learning+New+Technologies)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate developer who loves creating innovative solutions and bringing ideas to life through code. I specialize in building modern, scalable web applications with a focus on clean code and exceptional user experiences.

- 🔭 Currently building amazing projects that solve real-world problems
- 🌱 Constantly learning and exploring new technologies
- 💡 Love working on both frontend and backend challenges
- 🎯 Goal-oriented and detail-focused developer

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

```javascript
const karim = {
    code: ["JavaScript", "TypeScript", "Python", "PHP"],
    frontend: ["React", "Vue.js", "Next.js", "Tailwind CSS", "Bootstrap"],
    backend: ["Node.js", "Express", "Laravel", "Nest.js"],
    database: ["MongoDB", "MySQL", "PostgreSQL", "Firebase", "MariaDB", "SQLite],
    tools: ["Git", "Docker", "VS Code", "Postman"],
    architecture: ["REST APIs", "SPA", "MVC"],
    cloud: ["AWS"],
    AI tools:  ["Copilot", "Claude", "ChatGPT", "Bolt]
};
```

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

### 🎯 [Deploy Admin Panel](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/deploy-admin-panel)
> A modern, admin-focused dashboard for managing servers, users, security groups, SSH keys, and Rds databases + snapshots. The platform helps you stay on top of your cloud resources with application monitoring, weekly audits, intuitive UI, and automated alerts — all with support for dark/light mode, multi-language support, and secure authentication.
- ✅ Manage Servers
- ✅ Security Groups
- ✅ SSH Key Management
- ✅ RDS Databases & Databases Snapshots
- ✅ User Management
- 📊 Dashboard & Weekly Audit
- 🩺 Application Monitoring
- 🌍 Internationalization (i18n)
- 🔐 Secure authentication and authorization
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- 👤 User Profile
- 🌙 Dark / Light Mode
- 🔔 Email & In-App Notifications
- ⚡ Built with modern tech stack for optimal performance

### ✈️ [Moroccan Airways](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/Moroccan-airways)
> Full-featured airline booking and management system
- 🎫 Flight booking and reservation system
- 👥 User management and profiles
- 🤖 Chat Bot Assistant
- 💳 Payment simulation
- ✈️ Flight Tracking

### ✅ [Todo App](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/todo-app-mobile-)
> Modern task management application with intuitive design
- ✨ Clean and intuitive user interface
- 📝 CRUD operations for task management
- 🏷️ Categories and priority levels
- 💾 Persistent data storage

### 🍽️ [Restaurant Management Dashboard](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/dashboard-restaurant-management)
> Complete restaurant operations management system
- 📋 Menu and inventory management
- 👨‍🍳 Order tracking and processing
- 📊 Sales analytics and reporting
- 👥 Staff and table management

### 🍽️ [Karim's Shopper](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/Moroccan-Airways-frontend)
> Complete restaurant operations management system
-⭐ Product Search
-🧡 Wishlist & Cart
-🔐 Secure Transactions
-📈 Sales & Profit Tracking
-📊 User-Friendly Dashboard
-🔔 Notifications
-💬 User Comments
-❤️ Likes on Comments
-🛡️ Comment Reporting

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![Karim's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=karimPortfolio&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&count_private=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=karimPortfolio&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=karimPortfolio&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on exciting projects or discussing new opportunities!

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/karimballa/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mohamedkarimballa@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://karim-portfolio-web.surge.sh)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 💭 Quote of the Day

![Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 👀 Profile Views

![Visitor Count](https://profile-counter.glitch.me/karimPortfolio/count.svg)

---

⭐️ From [karimPortfolio](https://github.com/karimPortfolio) | Made with ❤️ and ☕

</div>

Commit message:

Revise Karim's Shopper project details in README
Updated project description and fixed formatting issues.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm Mohamed Karim Balla!

### 💻 Full Stack Developer | 🚀 Problem Solver | ✨ Creative Builder

![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1000&color=2E9EF7&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=Building+Amazing+Web+Applications;Full+Stack+Development;Always+Learning+New+Technologies)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate developer who loves creating innovative solutions and bringing ideas to life through code. I specialize in building modern, scalable web applications with a focus on clean code and exceptional user experiences.

- 🔭 Currently building amazing projects that solve real-world problems
- 🌱 Constantly learning and exploring new technologies
- 💡 Love working on both frontend and backend challenges
- 🎯 Goal-oriented and detail-focused developer

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

```javascript
const karim = {
    code: ["JavaScript", "TypeScript", "Python", "PHP"],
    frontend: ["React", "Vue.js", "Next.js", "Tailwind CSS", "Bootstrap"],
    backend: ["Node.js", "Express", "Laravel", "Nest.js"],
    database: ["MongoDB", "MySQL", "PostgreSQL", "Firebase", "MariaDB", "SQLite"],
    tools: ["Git", "Docker", "VS Code", "Postman"],
    architecture: ["REST APIs", "SPA", "MVC"],
    cloud: ["AWS"],
    AiTools:  ["Copilot", "Claude", "ChatGPT", "Bolt]
};
```

---

## 🌟 Featured Projects

### 🎯 [Deploy Admin Panel](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/deploy-admin-panel)
> A modern, admin-focused dashboard for managing servers, users, security groups, SSH keys, and Rds databases + snapshots. The platform helps you stay on top of your cloud resources with application monitoring, weekly audits, intuitive UI, and automated alerts — all with support for dark/light mode, multi-language support, and secure authentication.
- ✅ Manage Servers
- ✅ Security Groups
- ✅ SSH Key Management
- ✅ RDS Databases & Databases Snapshots
- ✅ User Management
- 📊 Dashboard & Weekly Audit
- 🩺 Application Monitoring
- 🌍 Internationalization (i18n)
- 🔐 Secure authentication and authorization
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- 👤 User Profile
- 🌙 Dark / Light Mode
- 🔔 Email & In-App Notifications
- ⚡ Built with modern tech stack for optimal performance

### ✈️ [Moroccan Airways](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/Moroccan-airways)
> Full-featured airline booking and management system
- 🎫 Flight booking and reservation system
- 👥 User management and profiles
- 🤖 Chat Bot Assistant
- 💳 Payment simulation
- ✈️ Flight Tracking

### ✅ [Todo App](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/todo-app-mobile-)
> Modern task management application with intuitive design
- ✨ Clean and intuitive user interface
- 📝 CRUD operations for task management
- 🏷️ Categories and priority levels
- 💾 Persistent data storage

### 🍽️ [Restaurant Management Dashboard](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/dashboard-restaurant-management)
> Complete restaurant operations management system
- 📋 Menu and inventory management
- 👨‍🍳 Order tracking and processing
- 📊 Sales analytics and reporting
- 👥 Staff and table management

### 🍽️ [Karim's Shopper](https://github.com/karimPortfolio/Karim-shopper)
> Karim's Shopper is a user-friendly e-commerce web application that gives users the possibility to buy and sell electronic products online, providing them with the possibility to search for products and add products to their wishlist and to cart, and with easy and secure transaction payments. Karim's Shopper tracks users' purchases, sales, and orders to grow their sales and profits in the application without the need for third-party websites and by providing them with a user-friendly dashboard to manage their products orders and wichlist and keeps them updated with their earnings. With a seamless and user-friendly interface, this web application opens up a world of possibilities for both buyers and sellers, offering an extensive range of features to enhance the online shopping experience.
- ⭐ Product Search
- 🧡 Wishlist & Cart
- 🔐 Secure Transactions
- 📈 Sales & Profit Tracking
- 📊 User-Friendly Dashboard
- 🔔 Notifications
- 💬 User Comments
- ❤️ Likes on Comments
- 🛡️ Comment Reporting

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![Karim's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=karimPortfolio&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true&count_private=true)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=karimPortfolio&layout=compact&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=karimPortfolio&theme=radical&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in collaborating on exciting projects or discussing new opportunities!

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/karimballa/)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mohamedkarimballa@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://karim-portfolio-web.surge.sh)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 💭 Quote of the Day

![Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

### 👀 Profile Views

![Visitor Count](https://profile-counter.glitch.me/karimPortfolio/count.svg)

---

⭐️ From [karimPortfolio](https://github.com/karimPortfolio) | Made with ❤️ and ☕

</div>
